States rights

Our country has always been a union of states. Each state determines its laws, within the bounds of the Constitution. That document, which I am honored to have written, lays out many provisions on where power is delegated. And with the exception of those provisions outlined in that document, all authority of self governance must therefore flow from the states. To do otherwise would be Tyrannical, of a sort that no just government would enforce. And if the Northern states would impose that Tyranny upon others, I see no reason to support that Tyranny. 
Of course, I find the invasion from the South to be similarly appalling. Just as each State has the inherent right to self-determination, just as each American has the right to equal treatment under the law, invasion into another sovereign nation is among the most egregious of offenses these Southern states have committed. I condemn them with every fibre of my being, and shall not permit their troops passage over my modest holdings. Nor shall I permit them quarter within my home. I have already written to their President most strongly, raising my objections to this atrocious behavior. I can only hope that if the man holds his name with pride, that he shall consider it fitting to pay heed to the one from whom he inherits his name. 


Nation of prosperity
This is a nation of prosperity. We cast off the boot of the Brits when they imposed unjust taxation upon our commerce, and free trade resonates in our very bones. It is not the place of a nation to so callously tread upon the right of the common man to trade as he pleases, nor to trample on the very way of life of its citizens. While it seems the North has found its pockets to be most effectively filled by way of industry, that simply isn’t possible for Carolina or this very Virginia. Cotton is the lifeblood of this State, and cotton simply cannot be harvested without aid of slaves. Do you think it just and proper to stifle this nation’s prosperity in the name of some overzealous Quakers who don’t know the value of a hard day’s work? The North certainly seems just as eager to make use of the cotton grown on farms in the valleys below us, even as it tries to undercut the only way that cotton may be picked. 

Tech advancements // It's on its way out
	Ah, I am pleased to speak to such a cultured mind on the subject. I’ve found it fascinating to watch the way in which my home grows from now into the future, and the coming age is one where science plays even more a role than what my friend Benjamin believed. Once tools have been devised to supplant the need for indentured hands, there will be no more need to hold onto slaves in the quantities we have now. Just as I wrote for my own servants to be freed from bondage upon my passing, slavery is something that I expect will not live past the turn of the century. Hard working men and women will be emancipated, and their owners will be properly compensated for their investments. But until those tools are devised, more hands are needed to sustain this nation of prosperity. 


They aren’t ready to self govern
	You speak of the Negro as if they were fully cognizant and capable by birth. I understand this is a debate not yet settled in your own time, but whether by nature or nurture, I cannot say I have seen a Negro who can do more than offer the smallest of aid to the White man. He might be strong of body and less inclined to burn in the sun, but those are traits in which he excels. In the realm of governance, commerce, and other standards of a proper society, he cannot achieve the same standard as a White. He will in time, no doubt, similar to how the Indian becomes civilized after breeding among us and living among us. But until such time as the Negro may stand on his own two feet, he requires protection and sheltering so that he might best grow over time into a proper citizen. And until that time, it is only proper that Negro pay in the form of his labor in a manner in which he is uniquely suited to providing.


We treat them well
	Ah, it seems that for all your knowledge, you miss some context. You speak of them being treated most heinously [Description here based on what they say]. I don’t deny that some un-Christianly men treat their slaves in such a manner. Indeed, I denounce such behavior. [Whipping] degrades the owner even more than the slave. And, I expect Saint Peter to judge them for this crime upon their own souls. But that treatment is not common, and is not the norm. Remember if you would, that Northern factories churn the bodies of workers and leave them hanging onto life by a thread. I say that the slaves under a proper Southern gentleman are treated better than a coal minder on a steam boat, to say nothing of those factory workers. They are provided food, garb, a roof over their heads, and the most honest of work than any man in these times may find. So long as they work for their keep, they needn’t worry about their home being taken away, or plague consuming families as it spreads like wildfire. And you say that freeing slaves from bondage will give them a better life? As a man who has seen how history might play out, I assure you that it will not.





